We originally organized our team using Facebook Messenger. We added each other
and created a group chat so that we could all keep in touch and share links. We
also created a Google Doc so that we put down our ideas and rough work for the
first phase of the project. Since getting an invite to the Fanlinc Slack
workspace, we decided to move our communications to a private channel there so
that we can better share code snippets, pin posts, and have easier
communciation with our product owner.

We made decisions (such as which project to pick, which features to tackle,
etc.) through a vote. Facebook Messenger and Slack both have poll options which
we took advantage of. We all made sure to share our opinions and justification
for the votes that we picked, and only committed to something when everyone
was on board with the idea.

We decided the initial priority and story point estimates of our user stories
through a meeting and discussion. We idenitified which of the stories were
strict requirements for the rest of the application (such as account creation
and log in) and assigned them the highest priority (given through a numerical
rank). We then went down the list lowering priority (rank) in this way. For
story point estimation, we did a group planning poker session for each story.
We assigned each of the stories points from the Fibonacci scale taught in class
with a range from 1-21, with 8 being average difficulty. We typically took
about 2 rounds to estimate each story, with some of the story estimates being
unanimous and some of them taking extensive discussion to decide what exactly
the story entailed. 

We have so far conducted all our meetings in person, but we are also planning
on having group meetings over Google Hangouts where required. This might be
necessary during busy periods such as midterm season. So far, for this phase,
we have met about twice a week. We are planning on keeping this frequency in
future phases and augmenting these meetings with constant communication over
Slack.

Based on this past phase, we realized that in future phases we will benefit
greatly from Jira since we will be able to easily see all tasks required, who
is assigned to those tasks, as well as the progress on those tasks. This will
give us better insight into the state of our project as opposed to having to
message each individual member as we are doing currently.