Stand Up Meeting 3
Participant Notes
November 7

Ruidan:	  TEAM-55 - completed the design of the feed post 
Abel:	  TEAM-66 wrote a new class to use for the request
Prashyen: Team-62- Completed the Delete modal waiting for delete post api to be finished. Team-62 trying to reduce the lag when editing posts. Cannot fix lag issue until Edit post API is completed.
Rahul:	  TEAM-61 started working on the functionality for the edit post API completed request error checking
Carl:	  TEAM-50 - added united tests for FandomServiceImpl
Aamir:	  TEAM-44 Displayed most of the fields on the sidebar
Tahasun:  TEAM-33 resolved state issues with select component
